c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Projekt.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Projekt.pdb
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Projekt.xap
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\Projekt.g.resources
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\Projekt.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\Projekt.pdb
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\Check.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\FinalStage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\StageTwo.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\StageOne.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\Settings.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\Instruction.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Junior\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\obj\Debug\Ranking.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Junior\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Projekt\Projekt\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
